then just simply slot in the new SSD in
the same way you took out the old one
and replaced the placement screw here's
the thing I definitely need to upgrade
my Dell XPS 95 70 and I feel like gotta
be a fun process to share with the
people right are we just gonna remake
that video no no no of course not hey
guys what's up today we're upgrading my
dell 95 70 with some upgraded storage
memory and Wi-Fi card and this video is
brought to you by fossils high-tech
smart watch that doesn't compromise on
style we're also going to do an
aesthetic upgrade of the D brand skin so
we have a skin for the XPS 15 and also
the razor blade 15 but why are you guys
here oh we need to upgrade these parts
we have the updated Wi-Fi card here this
is the memory we're going from 16 gigs
to 32 I'll be upgrading from 512
gigabytes to one terabyte of SSD storage
the SSD that ships with the XPS 15 isn't
that fast so the Samsung drive will give
me more space it's also going to give me
faster access to my video files when I'm
in premiere when I'm editing all the
things one terabyte of SSD storage on
this little guy XPS 15 it's time to
upgrade you I am so scared of this
process
it'll be so entertaining to see is Sarah
gonna screw it up
speaking of screws you don't want to
screw this up because these two screws
in the center of the computer are very
sensitive they're very squishy but let's
start with the Torx screw Torx screw
learning so much engaging thrilling
amazing content honest take oh my god
I'm ready board this is bringing me back
to my I worked at an electronics shop
outside of my college when I was an
electrical engineering major I'm just
gonna keep bringing that up so you think
I'm smart but I dropped out that is
where I discovered it's very good to get
personal experience in these fields that
you're going to college for because very
quickly you will discover oh I don't
want to do this I just want to play with
technology
yeah I want to make stuff okay so we got
that down now intense music needs to
start these are the two screws that
could screw up everything well I'm
getting it see this is my quality
screwdriver for my electrical
engineering lab days I've been a macbook
girl for so long that I'm not used to
having a machine that you can upgrade
the parts to how exciting to have
control over your technology but I can't
figure out how to how does one okay here
we go
here we go everyone calm down everyone
calm calm down I am being calm honestly
how do people make laptops this is
insane oh wow technology is so cool it's
so technology okay everyone in the
comments of these videos say disconnect
the battery what are you doing you're
gonna kill yourself so I mean should I
disconnect the battery
I can't wait to boot up my XPS and it
just is completely bricked it's good to
know that the battery is so easy to
replace though cuz I feel like that's
the first thing that goes with laptops
that was battery is disconnected so yay
safety first this is so fun to look at I
don't Alling cuz I'm nervous we're gonna
start with the SSD now in the videos
that I've watched this this thing
whatever this thing is usually stays on
the shell but we'll just make sure to
put it put it over the SSD after unscrew
the one screw that is holding down this
sad little slow SSD
I kind of put this screw right here and
then you just pop it on out SSD Sarah
sassy DG I'm gonna place this in at a
slight angle here okay
all right moving on to the RAM you can
take all these parts and sell them on
eBay Salamun Craigslist so you can
really make back some of your money
later we're gonna show you how to take
advantage of the SSD that you remove and
use it as an external SSD place the RAM
in we have two sticks of 16 gigs for a
total of 32 the videos that I watch
usually they had the label on the
outside but these these fit in with the
opposite so the label is on the inside
alright so we're just gonna push it oh
what a satisfying sound we are two out
of three almost done here the Wi-Fi card
is the last step so we're just gonna
take one more screw white cable on the
left black on the right so it's kind of
just like an up motion this is so
nerve-racking Wow okay
and must be nice for normal people who
can do this stuff without like worrying
about being filmed No okay well that was
easy
it's easier using your fingers alright
getting those antennas on we're a little
bit more difficult than I thought that's
okay it's really cover back on all right
put the gooey gooey guy back on okay oh
my gosh that wasn't as hard as I thought
it was gonna be I wiggle it back in
there okay the connection with a battery
basically slips right in when you put
the battery in so it's not super
difficult you just want to make sure if
that connection there is made so we're
just gonna screw back in all the screws
[Music]
I feel so smart Wow
I was actually incredibly easy like a
dog could do that
[Music]
we did it okay now it's time to boot it
up before you do any of that you want to
download windows onto a USB Drive ok so
now we are going to boot it up and we
have the USB Driver we have windows
downloaded onto it I'm going to put
everything in the description below with
very explicit instructions on how to do
these things so hopefully you can do
everything just from this video Oh
alert the amount of system memory has
changed you are correct
continue running a system scan to detect
any potential hardware problems Hardware
scan complete with no issues man nailed
it we're gonna press shutdown it's gonna
shut down then we're gonna plug in the
USB Drive with Windows okay so we've
booted it back up and now we have
Windows install now BAM we shall click
the custom install windows only click
the drive next we are gonna let windows
install and then come back and customize
the aesthetics with AD brand skin I'm
sucks I didn't splack marvel look so
cool cute awesome and also what is this
well this is gonna be a way where you
can utilize this as an external SSD all
up next after just a quick word from
fossil this is fossils Fitness first
SmartWatch it has everything you would
need in a SmartWatch like heartrate and
activity tracking as well as GPS you can
customize your watch straps and there
are a wide range of styles to choose
from there are Sport and stainless-steel
options
I am constantly on the go in NYC so it's
fun to keep up with my steps make sure
to check out the link in the description
below for the latest and greatest
smartwatches from fossil ok in New York
City you walk a lot right I go through
tinnies like crazy I'm gonna take this
opportunity to get a new pair of shoes
[Music]
okay we are back so as I was saying I
liked that I could customize this it
looks good it doesn't look like the
classic squarey SmartWatch in the same
vein I want my laptops I want my
computers to look fire so if you're
curious make sure to check out the link
in the description below for fossil
smartwatches I personally been enjoying
wearing the hybrid SmartWatch I recently
talked about that but if you're an
active human if you want to count those
steps if you want a GPS track this might
be a good option for you I'm gonna show
you how to do it deep breaths can tell
XPS this is going to be easy applying
the piece without a Dell logo is simple
just use a tommy gun I'm not very good
following directions like this seems
more difficult than the internal stuff
okay
oh all right mess it up oh my god
alright alright we got it
this is one of the most frustrating
processes ever it's the lining it up
part but I think this is as good as it's
gonna get
tbh I honestly think it's perfect okay
the big reveal BAM
this looks good this looks clean oh I
cannot wait to walk into a coffee shop
with this
what's up haters I got fast SSD memory a
freaking fast Wi-Fi card and we're
looking good like honestly the XPS is
pretty it's kind of a thick boy just
like the Razer when you get used to the
MacBooks everything does seem thicker
even though it's not really that much
thicker having this set up really does
feel like I'm going back to that smooth
sleek MacBook life XPS is can be smooth
and sleek but you know what I mean that
took way longer than I anticipated so
wait till the very end if you want to
see what the Razer Blade looks like with
the black camo but right now I want to
show you guys an accessory you can buy
it on Amazon this basically allows you
to take the storage the SSD storage from
your laptop and use it as an SSD drive
SSD drives are pretty pricey and you can
never have enough fast storage but since
this is USB 3.1 we'll have to see if
that speed is at all comparable to what
it was like when it was in the XPS okay
so unlock I'm gonna unlock it here and
then it pushes out Wow
we're just gonna insert the SSD a little
bit of an angle here then we're gonna
click it into this rubber stop boom
secured it's really that simple
that's amazing now let's test the actual
speed well I was pleasantly surprised
that this pluggable basically had faster
read speeds which is great if you're
editing off of a portable SSD the right
speeds I mean it was significantly lower
than the popular t5 but that just means
it's gonna take a little bit more time
to transfer data to the hard drive Wow
so pluggable take those pesky little
SSDs that are laying around and make
make a hard drive out of it cool hack
Sarah
thank you so much for watching I hope
this helps if you need to upgrade to
Dell XPS but also shows you it's not
that difficult other laptops have
different quirks that you have to mine
but it's gonna be pretty consistent
throughout the major OEMs you just have
to kind of do some homework because when
you buy these PC laptops they don't
necessarily ship with the best stuff so
sometimes it's best to get the 256 the
low memory options so then you can
upgrade it with the fast stuff the stuff
you know is good on your own thank you
so much for watching and make sure to
check out the link in the description
below for those fossil smart watches and
I'll see you the next one let me know if
you like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos every
single week and we're gonna sign off
here with seeing if we can get that
final D brand on this razor blade 15
that my assistant editor uses I just
don't have the patience for it so good
luck
[Music]
you